How did you get that heart?!
I can feel power surging through
my entire body.
I never imagined that a pulse
could feel as good as this!
You're too dangerous. We have
to stop you.
You really did fool me.
To think that you were hiding
your true nature...
People have many sides, not just
one!
Yeah, that's what it means to
be human!
(STRUGGLING)
(SIGH) I need a quick
break.
(CONCERNED)
We can't.
Wait! Please, hold on, Lord
Third!
I must hurry!
This is one moment...
...that I absolutely can't miss!
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
This time, I will stop you.
Now you're going to tell me
that's your will, is that it?
Don't be so arrogant!
Earth Style: Stone Pillar
Prison!
Mitsuki, why did you betray us?
Both of us are man-made, after
all...
We should've seen eye-to-eye.
Give it up! He's not the same as
you!
(FRUSTRATED)
Yeah, that's right! Mitsuki is
our friend!
You're in the way!
(SLAMMED)
Boruto!
(DETERMINED) Even at
the very beginning...
Mitsuki never intended to join
you guys!
(CHUCKLE) You know, I
wonder about that.
What're you talking about?
Before he left the Hidden Leaf
Village...
he had ample opportunity to ask
others to help him.
But he didn't. He came on his
own to meet us.
He was happy to find others like
himself.
He couldn't ignore his
curiosity...
about getting a chance to meet
real comrades.
[KU] Isn't that right?
(ANGRY)
Go on, Mitsuki, tell him he's
wrong!
(GUILTY)
Mitsuki?
[KU] It seems that you were
also...
looking at a different side of
him...
You didn't notice the change he
was going through.
You have no right to say you're
his friend.
Shut up!
Boruto!
(CHUCKLE) It's beyond easy to
get you all riled up!
(WORRIED)
Boruto!
(SHOCKED)
Mitsuki!
(DODGING)
Watch out!
It's an emergency!
You don't have to stick to the
rules and wait for a reply!
Look, how many times do I have
to tell you?!
We need your clearance to
officially...
enter the Land of
Earth!
Shikamaru doesn't usually get so
worked up.
I could say the same thing about
you, right?
(REALIZING) Yes, well... I'm a
parent, too.
[SHIKAMARU] Just make sure that
you notify
the Feudal Lord immediately, you
got that?!
(NOTICING)
Seems Lord Seventh...
is trying to go to the Land of
Earth right now.
Is it to save Boruto and the
others?
I say that we oughta go, too!
Come on, use your head!
We've all been ordered to stand
by, remember?
If we go, then we could lose our
rank of genin.
Yeah, but...
(CONSIDERING)
Shikamaru, sorry you had to do
that.
Just get the kids back. It's in
your hands.
I promise that I'm gonna bring
them all home.
Lord Seventh!
(CURIOUS)
Please, allow Team 5 and Team 15
to accompany you on this
mission!
Look, you guys...
We all wanna help Boruto and the
others!
Please, Lord Hokage, let us
come, too!
(DISGRUNTLED) Well guys, the
thing is that, uh...
I know how you must feel...
but there's no way I'm gonna put
your lives in danger.
Forget it.
All right, then we'll just go on
our own!
We are prepared to face the
consequences after.
They're lucky to have friends
like you.
Lord Seventh!
All of you...
(NERVOUS)
That was pretty ballsy of you
guys.
Did he just say... ballsy?
So, uh what're we
supposed to do?
(CURIOUS) Listen, I
didn't see anything.
Let's follow them, then!
Right! (DETERMINED)
(CHUCKLE)
Look, just come out, already!
I know something like that
couldn't kill you!
All right, let's do this! Cha!
(FRUSTRATED) There's no end
to it!
I wonder if Mitsuki actually
was...
searching to find some
real friends...
We've just gotta get to know
him better.
You've done more than enough,
Boruto.
But forget that for now. We
have to do something about this.
Yeah...
(SHOCKED) No way!
But how did-?!
(GASP)
(STRAINING)
Seriously?! Sekki, what are you
doing here?!
(TIRED CHUCKLE)
Lord Third is here with me, as
well!
Boruto, where is Ku now?
I have to find a way to stop him
before it's too late!
But Old Man...
Please, take me to where Ku is,
immediately! I beg you!
It's frustrating for me to pass
on this honor to you.
But I just can't take another
step.
(CONFLICTED)
Damn it! I'm not just some pack
mule, ya know!
Sorry...
This place won't last long.
Can you get yourself to safety?
Yeah, of course!
Since my goal is to become the
Tsuchikage!
(CHUCKLE) Sarada, let's go!
Okay!
Interesting... You had a power
like that up your sleeve, huh?
People can become wary about too
much power.
So I was discouraged from using
it around them.
There's also the possibility my
body...
won't be able to endure if
the power becomes too extreme.
But, then... if it's to
protect Boruto...
then that really
doesn't matter to me at all.
Magnificent!
With your body in our hands...
we can create any number of
perfect Fabrications...
without any of the defects
currently holding us back.
You ought to stop talking
nonsense.
Since I am unusually angry
right now.
(YANKED BACK)
Striking...
...Shadow Snakes!
(CHUCKLE) It's useless! I
can't feel pain.
(FRUSTRATED)
Earth Style: Earth Golem Jutsu!
(WORRIED)
(STRUGGLING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
[KU] Don't overexert yourself.
I can't afford to have your body
break down.
But having said that, let me
weaken you a little bit more.
[OHNOKI] Enough, Ku!
Mitsuki, are you okay?!
You were created to protect the
weak, Ku. What happened?
When did you stray from the path
that we established?
But I haven't strayed from the
path at all!
Right now, you're being
controlled by hatred and anger.
Please, Ku, you have to wake up!
What? Hatred?
Yes, that's true. Then again,
I am merely a vessel.
Which means that any kind of
hatred I might be feeling...
is merely something that you
were harboring...
all along and passed on to me!
What was that? Hatred that
I've been harboring?!
(STRAINING)
(KNOCKED BACK)
Old Man!
K- Ku, please...!
Master, you have become old.
You shall return to the earth
soon.
But please, rest assured.
Your greatest will shall be
carried out by me, your vessel!
Quick, Old Man, get up. This
is bad.
That sound...!
All right, now just hold still.
I have a use for your body
yet, Mitsuki.
(SHOCKED)
Particle Style: Atomic
Dismantling Jutsu!
(SURPRISED)
(SHOCKED)
(STRUGGLING TO HOLD BREATH)
(CLEANING)
Hey now, the left side is dirty!
That's a precious stone of the
Hidden Stone Village!
This looks like nothing more
than a plain ordinary rock!
This rock is a symbol!
It carries inside of it our
village's Will of Stone!
Well...
Actually, you're right. This is
just an ordinary rock.
[OHNOKI] What?!
What do you think you're doing,
you stupid old man?!
I can't tell which one it
is now!
You see... if you simply put a
new one of them
on here like this...
no one would ever know it.
Whaaaaat?!
Look, what's important is...
the Will of Stone inside you.
Ohnoki...
Hidden within the will you
possess...
is the power to change the
entire world.
But if you aren't careful,
I worry that precious will of
yours may disappear...
It'll disappear...?
Barriers!
As you continue to run into
various barriers...
...you may abandon it,
make excuses, or replace your
will with hatred.
With hatred?
Mr. Ohnoki!
(SHOCKED)
Mr. Ohnoki, sir, are you all
right?
(COUGH)
What an interesting place...
It's sacred.
It's a spot used for the purpose
of polishing your stone...
and confronting your will.
So did you findit?
Whatever it was you came here
looking for?
Before I left the Leaf, Mr.
Ohnoki said...
If you find that you keep
hitting a wall...
but also keep clinging to it...
That's a sign it's your true
will.
I've seen a lot since leaving
the Leaf Village.
People become stronger when they
have something to protect.
Sekiei said that.
I don't know if I'm empty
inside...
But, still...
I'm completely sure now that
this is my will.
(SHOCKED)
He's coming.
It looks like this is gonna be
our final fight.
Look, Mitsuki, about what Ku
said earlier...
Back then, after you left the
Leaf Village...
I realized I really knew nothing
at all about you.
We came because we want
to get to know the real you.
(TAKEN BACK) Boruto.
And there's something else,
too...
We came to give this back.
(SHOCKED)
All right, I'll lure Ku away.
The two of you need to take Mr.
Ohnoki and get out of here.
What?! Come on! There's no
way we're gonna do that!
I want to protect you. Because
that's also my will.
And besides...
there are still clones of me in
the research lab.
So don't be concerned. We'll
meet again, just as before.
You're wrong.
(CONFUSED)
It doesn't matter at all if you
look the same or not.
Because what's really
important...
...is the will inside here.
(TAKEN BACK)
To me, the only real Mitsuki...
is the one who's standing here
in front of me right now!
Boruto...!
So this is where you are, human
weaklings!
Let's go!
Right!
Team 7 is back together!
(DODGING)
(LEAPING)
(ATTACKING)
(CHUCKLE) Earth Style: Drone!
(SHOCKED)
No way! Cha!
(NOTICING)
Easy!
(STAB OF DISCOMFORT)
(CHUCKLE)
(GRABBING)
(STRUGGLING)
Enough! Stop, Ku!
(SLAMMED)
(STRUGGLING)
(CHUCKLE)
You have to stop. Do not add
to your sins.
(STRUGGLING)
This must end! We cannot allow
more young lives to be lost!
(POWER YELL)
So crafty! But it's over now!
Fire Style: Fireball Jutsu!
Lightning Style: Snake
Lightning!
Particle Style: Atomic
Dismantling Jutsu!
You will pay for this!
You're finished! Cha!
Boruto! Do it now!
(ATTACKING YELL)
(FRUSTRATED)
(THROWING
(POWER YELL)
What?!
(WORRIED)
(ATTACKING YELL)
Rasengan!
(BLASTED BACK)
We... We did it!
(STIRRING)
(EXHAUSTED)
Don't underestimate me.
(GASP) No way!
No, damn it! I can't
move anymore!
(STRAINING) And now I'll take
that weak will of yours...
...and I'll turn it into dust!
(STUNNED)
(GASP)
What?!
(STUNNED)
It's just as you said.
[OHNOKI] I wasn't able to save
Kozuchi...
so I blamed the world,...
and I twisted that boy's will
and his yearning for peace.
Isn't it too late for such
regrets?!
I rejected his will once, but I
must take up the mantle again...
or I won't be able to face
him in death.
(FRUSTRATED) Ugh, damn you!
(WEATHERING BLAST)
[OHNOKI] All of you, burn this
into your memory!
Witness Ohnoki the Fence
Sitter's final Particle Style!
Old Man!
[OHNOKI] Atomic Dismantling
Jutsu!
(STRAINING)
(DEFIANT YELL)
(RUNNING)
(SHOCKED) Lord Third!
Oh... Sekki.
I must say I owe you a great
debt, as well.
No, please...!
So did you find it? The secret
of your will?
I did.
[OHNOKI] Carrying it out... is
no easy task.
And at times, you might even
lose it.
Please, Old Man, rest for now,
or else...
(CHUCKLE)
People can always rediscover
their own will.
Even if you lose faith and
abandon it
after running into
many barriers...
...if you've had a chance to
face yourself...
you can pick up the pieces and
start over.
There are quite a few sides to
one's will, you know.
Yeah,... you got that right!
You simply... keep on
polishing it...
...and over time...
it shall become the strongest in
the world.
That's what it means to live a
human life.
From now on... No matter how big
a barrier we hit...
...I promise, we'll never let
it go!
Very well said. You must be
sure not to lose it.
You reclaimed it, too, Mr.
Ohnoki. You did it once again...
But what I really wanted...to do
once more...
...was eat the dumplings from
the Leaf...
Sure, you still can!
I wonder if that's true...?
...since I'm an old man... whose
days are numbered...
Grandpa...!
Boruto.
No way! Dad!
I got word to him.
Well, it's all over now.
Anyway, I'll put the details
into my report.
You've done good work.
You were the one who rescued all
of them, right?
I didn't do anything.
Please, excuse me.
Hey, Konohamaru!
Konohamaru Sensei.
Hey, Mitsuki, I'm glad you
came back.
Boruto, Sarada, I'm sorry.
This is all my fault.
And I caused trouble for
Shikadai and the whole village.
I guess this means I won't
be welcome back in the Leaf.
Oh, Mitsuki...
Come on, don't be
ridiculous, Mitsuki!
Look, it's your welcoming party.
(CURIOUS)
Boruto!
We came to save you!
You're late, you guys!
Hey, Mitsuki is with them too!
Oh, thank goodness!
Are you okay, Mitsuki?!
Hey, Mitsuki!
Boruto!!
Hey!
Thanks so much, all of you.
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[SARADA] I wonder what's going
to happen to Team 7 now...
[BORUTO] This isn't like you,
Sarada!
The three of us will
just start over, right?
[SARADA] Don't you get it?
We might not be able to see
Mitsuki again!
He might even decide to leave
the village on his own!
[BORUTO] Look, there's nothing
to worry about!
Mitsuki's gonna be fine!
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"A New Ordinary"
[BORUTO] Because... this is the
place where Mitsuki belongs.